J7. Write one json string with date property and print date in indian standard time while 
clicking on button (yyyy-mm-dd).
J8. Consider below object and fetch value using for of loop and for in loop.
J9. Write a JSON object which contains array of 3 objects. Each object contains two propertys
name and age,now sort an array by age in descending order. Print name and age in descending
order on console

n2. Initalize two variable and increment both the variables each time and display the addition
of both variables at interval of 1 second
n3. Write code to increase the font size at the interval of 50ms and it should stop increasing when the font size reach to 50px this 
task should be performed when you click on increase button.

n4. Write code to perform the following task 1) Add three buttons (inc,dec,stop) 2) in inc - maxSize = 200px
dec - minSize = 20px , default - 50px , stop button to stop increasing or decreasing the font. 
interval = 100ms

fs2. Read data from file and arrange that data and ascending order .

fs3. Write data to file, appending data to file, and reading the file using callback.

fs4. Write node js script to write an array of object with propertys cricketers name and its number in a file 
named cricketers.txt then read the file and display the object on console.

fs5. Create JSON object which contains array of objects calcualte perimeter of square and perimeter of circle 
by using side value and diameter value respectively.Write object as well as perimeter values in shape.txt file.

fs6. Write nodejs to perform below task 
i) Write below object in f2.txt file 
ii) Read data from the same file and perform following task
    a) Addition of a and b
    b) Subtraction of second element of c and b(must be a positive number).
    c) Multiplication of elements of c.
iii) Add the output of addition, Subtraction and Multiplication in f2.txt file.

fs8. Write a node js script to copy content of one file to another file.Data should be fetch from source.txt
and insert to destination.txt. And read data from destination file at the end.Perform all this task 
asynchonusly.

fs10. Write a node js program to create a file named exam.txt containing the inital text exam attempt then
it should add 3 more lines 
1) Entry 1 : Pass
2) Entry 2: Fail
3) Entry 3 : Pass
after writing the program must read the file and count how many times the word Pass appears and if
the word pass appears 3 or more times the program should earease the content exam.txt . 

fs11. Write a node js to write the text "you are creating a file" to help.txt after that append the text
"you are appending a data to same help.txt file" after that read the file and print content on console.
After finshing read operation Copy the content of help.txt to help2.txt file. After finsihing copy operation
print the line "Thanks for using this program" on console. 

pm2. Write node js that perform the following operation's using path module and asynchonus file system
module 1) From a given existing file path extract the directory name using the path module.
2) Create the extracted directory inside an existing folder using fs module
3) extract the file name from a given path using path module.
4) create that file inside the newly created directory and write some data into it.
5) copy the content of this file to another file.
6) Delete the orignal file after copying the content.

e3. Write a node js program using the events module to simulate the sequence of events 
1) when a connection events occurs print connection succesfully and trigger data events.
2) when the data recived event occurs print data recived succesfully.
3) Finally print thanks at the end of exit window.

e4. Write a node js program using the events module to simulate the sequence of events.
1) Regitring multiple event listener for different events(myevent1, myevent2)
2) Removing a specific event listener for myevent2.
3) Removing all listener associated with myevent1.
4) triggering events and observing which listener execute.

e5. Write node js script to create 2 listener for a common event.
Print no of events associated with and emmitter.
Remove one of the listener and call remaining listener again also print number of remainging listenes
at the end remove all listener and count the listener again.

e6. Write node js script to handle events as ask below 
1) check the radius is negative or not?
if negative then display radius must be positive else calcualte the perimeter of circle.
2)check the radius is negative or not?
if negative then display side must be positive else calcualte the perimeter of square.

e7. Write node js script to handle event to write data,append data and then read the file.display data in console.
Do all the operation using async fs module.

e8. Write node js script using event handling to perform following task
1) Create a folder named abc.
2) Create a file named xyz.txt and write data into it.
3) Append data to that file and print message data appended succesfully.
4) Read the content of the file and print on console.
5) Copy content xyz.txt to pqr.txt
6) Delete the file xyz.txt and print the message all operations performed succesfully.

Do all this operations using sync file module system.


